Document ASM Overview page (#37857)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/overview/api_posture.md

---
title: API Posture
disable_toc: false
further_reading:
- link: "/security/application_security/overview/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "App and API Protection Overview"
- link: "/security/application_security/overview/threat_protection/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Threat Protection"
- link: "/security/application_security/overview/attack_summary/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Attack Summary"
---

> The **API Posture** page gives you a security-focused view of your API estate. It surfaces how well your endpoints are covered, the open findings affecting them, the endpoints most exposed to risk, and the policies that protect them. Each section is described below.

Reviewer: "below" is directional language (Word List: avoid above/below/up/down); also breaks for AI agents that strip layout.

```suggestion
The **API Posture** page gives you a security-focused view of your API estate. It surfaces how well your endpoints are covered, the open findings affecting them, the endpoints most exposed to risk, and the policies that protect them. The following sections describe each area of the page.
```

## Ask Bits panel

The **Ask Bits** panel is a contextual entry point to Bits AI for questions about your API posture. It offers ready-made prompts such as **Top priorities**, **Summarize Last Week insights**, and **What I'm exposed to?** to help you start an investigation without writing a query. The panel appears when Bits AI is enabled and you have the required access, and you can dismiss it.

## Coverage

The **Coverage** section provides an inventory overview of your API endpoints. It classifies endpoints as **Documented** (receiving traffic and described in your API definitions), **Orphan** (documented but receiving no traffic), and **Shadow** (receiving traffic but undocumented). It also breaks down the authentication posture of your endpoints across **Authenticated**, **Unauthenticated**, and **Undetected** states, and highlights the top sensitive data types observed across your endpoints.

## Open Findings

> The **Open Findings** section summarizes the API security findings that are open. Findings are broken down by severity (critical, high, medium, and low) and by the rules that generate them, so you can see which issues are most pressing and which rules account for the most findings. The counts reflect the selected time range, letting you compare the start and end of the period.

Reviewer: Vague — unclear what "compare the start and end of the period" concretely refers to.

```suggestion
The **Open Findings** section summarizes the API security findings that are open. Findings are broken down by severity (critical, high, medium, and low) and by the rules that generate them, so you can see which issues are most pressing and which rules account for the most findings. The counts reflect the selected time range, so you can compare findings at the start and end of the period.
```
